Documentation for developers to understand continuous build integration (#990)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: docs/user-guide.md

#### Environment Variables:
- The **JAVA_HOME** system environment variable in the current terminal is used when you run Liberty dev mode in any project.

## Manually install specific release of the LSP4IJ plugin from the Marketplace

> When installing the LTI Plugin, the latest version of LSP4IJ from the marketplace will be installed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing the Liberty Tools for IntelliJ plugin, the latest version of LSP4IJ from the JetBrains marketplace will be installed by default.
```

> If you prefer to use an older version of LSP4IJ (e.g., the specific version that was tested with the LTI release you are using), you can manually downgrade it by installing the desired version as a dependency from the Marketplace. Link to download a specific LSP4IJ version - https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/23257-lsp4ij/versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use an older version of LSP4IJ (e.g., the specific version that was tested with the Liberty Tools release you are using), you can manually downgrade it by installing the desired version as a dependency from the JetBrains marketplace. Link to download a specific LSP4IJ version - https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/23257-lsp4ij/versions
```

> If you prefer to use an older version of LSP4IJ (e.g., the specific version that was tested with the Liberty Tools release you are using), you can manually downgrade it by installing the desired version as a dependency from the JetBrains marketplace. Link to download a specific LSP4IJ version - https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/23257-lsp4ij/versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use an older version of LSP4IJ (e.g., the specific version that was tested with the Liberty Tools release you are using), you can manually downgrade it by installing the desired version as a dependency from the [JetBrains marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/23257-lsp4ij/versions).
```
